[BEAM-11372-11371-11369][Website revamp] Implemented community and contact us pages, navbar on mobiles (#13511)
apache/beam: website/www/site/content/en/community/contact-us.md

limitations under the License.
-->

# Contact us!

<br/>

There are many ways to reach the Beam user and developer communities - use
whichever one seems best.

> <br/>

Author: I deleted most of them now

limitations under the License.
-->

# Contact us!

There are many ways to reach the Beam user and developer communities - use
whichever one seems best.

## How to use mailing lists?/What is it?

> Here should be a short description on what mailing lists are and how to use them. Also information on how does subscribe, unsubscribe and archives do work (blank email etc).

Reviewer: This looks like placeholder copy. Do you actually want to merge this now? When will it be updated?

Author: We got some new copies and I just pushed this site with new one.

Reviewer: Thank you! @griscz could you review the copy changes in this PR to make sure they match your expectations? The changes should all be in the .md and .yaml files

limitations under the License.
-->

# Contact us!

The Apache Beam community is friendly and welcoming. We are glad to help with any
question, suggestion or idea you have. Contact us in the following channels:

### Available contact channels

{{< table_with_icons >}}

### Mailing list, what are they and how they work

The official communication channels for Apache projects are their mailing lists, and Apache
Beam has two main lists, user@beam.apache.org and dev@beam.apache.org. You can see
what are the topics for each of the above.

### Subsribe and Unsubscribe:

> To send emails to these lists you need to subscribe first. To subscribe send a blank email to [user@](user-subscribe@beam.apache.org) or [dev@](dev@beam.apache.org) depending on the list you want to write to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To send emails to these lists you need to be subscribed. To subscribe send a blank email to [user-subscribe@beam.apache.org](user-subscribe@beam.apache.org) or [dev-subscribe@beam.apache.org](dev-subscribe@beam.apache.org) depending on the list you want to write to.
```

You missed the -subscribe in the dev@ link. I think we should also spell out the full email address in the link text so people aren't tempted to send a blank email to dev@beam.apache.org or user@beam.apache.org.

Author: Okay, let's do this

Reviewer: This is still a problem

## Available contact channels

{{< community/table_with_icons contact_us >}}

## Mailing list, what are they and how they work

The official communication channels for Apache projects are their mailing lists, and Apache Beam has two main lists: [user@beam.apache.org](user@beam.apache.org) and [dev@beam.apache.org](dev@beam.apache.org). The topics for each of them can be seen in the section above.

### Subsribe and Unsubscribe:

Prior to sending emails to these lists, you need to subscribe. To subscribe, send a blank email to [user-subscribe@beam.apache.org](user-subscribe@beam.apache.org) or [dev-subscribe@beam.apache.org](dev-subscribe@beam.apache.org) depending on the list you want to write to.

### Useful Tips for Sending Emails

Tip 1: Use tags in your subject line.
A tag is a word within a pair of brackets [] that indicate the type of message you’re sending. For example: [Bug] or [Proposal] or [Question] or [Idea]. Tags help folks navigate emails easier.

Tip 2: If you’re asking a troubleshooting question, provide as much information as possible to help others replicate your issue or find possible solutions.

> Tip 3: Share complete links instead of hyperlinks. A common practice in Apache is adding a number tag like [1] to indicate a word is a link or an attachment, and use the ta as a footnote to add the complete link at the end of your message.

Reviewer: Minor typo:
```suggestion
Tip 3: Share complete links instead of hyperlinks. A common practice in Apache is adding a number tag like [1] to indicate a word is a link or an attachment, and use the tag as a footnote to add the complete link at the end of your message.
```
